---
ROBOTS: NOINDEX,NOFOLLOW
title: Data privacy with Insights
description: About how personal data is kept private in Insights
author: madehmer
ms.author: v-mideh
ms.topic: conceptual
localization_priority: normal 
ms.prod: wpa

---
# Data privacy

*This experience is only available through private preview at this time.*

Microsoft Insights produce powerful analysis about how your organization functions. It does this by analyzing Microsoft 365 collaboration data and organizational data from Microsoft Azure Active Directory that you provide. 

Given the novelty of this service and the potential sensitivity about how data could be used, successful implementation and use of Insights requires careful thought and planning with regard to data protection.  

When data is processed for the insights, Microsoft protects privacy and fully complies with applicable local regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The insights protect privacy in the following ways:

* **Everyone's data is kept private by default** - Insights are based on aggregated data and do not include any personally identifiable information about any one individual in your organization. The analysis and actions are based on information generated by you and your organization just by going about your regular workday.
* **GDPR compliant** – Microsoft complies with the GDPR when providing Insights.

This basic overview about data privacy is not intended as a substitute for addressing your organization’s unique needs by engaging with legal, privacy, human-resources, and other subject matter experts within your organization.

For more details about what data is used in insights, see [Data access and analysis](data-analysis.md).
