---
title: Customize your Viva Learning experience
ms.author: bhaswatic
author: bhaswatic
manager: elizapo
ms.reviewer: chrisarnoldmsft
ms.date: 01/04/2024
audience: admin
ms.topic: article
ms.service: viva
ms.subservice: viva-learning
search.appverid: MET150
ms.collection:
  - enabler-strategic
  - m365initiative-viva-learning
  - Tier1
ms.custom: admindeeplinkTEAMS
ms.localizationpriority: medium
description: Learn how to customize and edit your experience in Viva Learning.
---

# Customize your Viva Learning experience 

Viva Learning experience can be customized to fit your organization’s brand and the needs of your end users. Your organization’s Viva Learning app can display a custom Viva Learning icon and label in the Teams app bar. This customization takes place in the Teams admin center which requires Teams admin permissions or higher. It’s recommended that you also apply app settings that [pre-pin and pre-install the app](/microsoftteams/teams-app-setup-policies) to make sure people in your organization can more easily discover it and get immediate use.

The Viva Learning application can be customized by following the instructions as outlined in the [Microsoft Teams app customization documentation](/microsoftteams/customize-apps#considerations-and-limitations-of-app-customization). 


| Customizable field | Consideration |  
|-----|------------|
| Short name | Application name as mentioned in Teams menu bar.|
| Short description | The short description must be under 80 characters.   Don't repeat what's in the full description. |
| Icon | Transparent outline icon in PNG format that   is 32x32 pixel in resolution. |
| Color icon | Full-color icon in PNG format that is 192x192   pixel in resolution. |
| Accent color | Color must match your icon background. |

Any URL fields on the application manifest cannot be edited. Viva Learning application settings can be [reset to default](/microsoftteams/customize-apps#reset-app-details-to-default-values)
Teams app Branding changes using manifest have [limitations](/microsoftteams/customize-apps#considerations-and-limitations-of-app-customization).

Considerations

- In the App store the Viva Learning app will be shown with a new name, icon 
- The app icon and label present in Viva Learning app manifest will be shown while pinning of app on Teams. 
- Teams’ notification has Viva Learning icon that is configured in the manifest.  
- Teams’ app once added Add a Tab in a Teams-Team will display the new icon and name. 
- In Composed extension header pops up, the new App icon and app name will be shown. In the chat message generated by the composed extension new App icon and app name will be shown. 
- Branding scope is for all users in the tenant as this is happening in the Teams application manifest. No customization can be done at Department or Group level 
- Courses unfurl experience in chat (on Share ) displays new icon and app name.  

On pinning the application, the new Short name and Outline icon displays in the Teams left menu bar. 

Limitations: 

- Viva Interconnections – New App icon and app name will not be shown. 

- VL App Header will not be changed (Desktop/Web/Mobile) 

- Global Navigation will not show the new app name /icon 

