---
title: Skills-based Learning 
ms.author: bhaswatic
author: bhaswatic
manager: elizapo
ms.reviewer: chrisarnoldmsft
ms.date: 01/24/2023
audience: admin
ms.topic: article
ms.service: viva
ms.subservice: viva-learning
search.appverid: MET150
ms.collection:
  - enabler-strategic
  - m365initiative-viva-learning
  - Tier1
ms.localizationpriority: medium
description: Configure SAP SuccessFactors permissions for Viva Learning integration.
---

# Skills-based learning in Viva Learning

Skills-based learning experiences improve personalization for learners and allow admins to automatically enrich their content metadata.
The following skills-based scenarios are enabled in private preview for Viva Learning.

Learners: 

- Personalized course suggestions based on the learner's activities in Microsoft 365. 
- Personalized skill suggestions based on the learner's activities in Microsoft 365 and their role.
- Once selected, skill suggestions provide focused courses based on that skill. 
- Improved learning content suggestions and search relevance. 

Admins: 

- Skills included in the organization's skills library are incorporated into Viva Learning once the library is published to Viva Learning. 
- Admins can export content metadata to review the auto generated tags for content catalog and use them for content recommendations and search relevance. 
- Admins can view the autogenerated tag for each content through the **Edit** button on content details page. They can review the autogenerated tags and also disable the autogenerated tags for specific content from being used for content recommendations and search relevance.

## Considerations 

> For private preview, any "interests" the user has selected in Viva Learning are cleared once admins allow skills to appear in Learning. Users lose all associated personalized experiences in Viva Learning when the interests data is no longer available. When setting up or managing their skills library, admins should only select **Allow Skills in Viva Learning** if they're ready to delete existing interest-related content and data in Viva Learning.

Once the skills library is turned on in the Microsoft 365 admin center, this is an interim period before the skills appear in Viva Learning. During this time, Learning doesn't display any skills experiences. 
English is the only supported language for private preview. 

To ensure any existing interests are included as skills when your organization turns on skills in Viva Learning: 

1. Export your organization's current interests in Viva Learning by going to the Viva Learning **Admin** tab > **Manage interests** > **Export**. Download the file when the export is processed. 
2. Go to **Manage skills library** in the Microsoft 365 admin center and follow these steps to import your organization's existing interests as custom skills. Once the import is complete, you'll need to allow skills in Viva Learning. 

These personalized experiences are not supported on mobile for private preview. 


Skills in Viva Learning

These manage skills scenarios are available in private preview:

1. When you allow skills to be available in Viva Learning from the skills setup and management experience (Microsoft 365 admin center), the existing **Import** and **Export** buttons are hidden in the Manage Skills view. Learning will then start importing skills from your organization's skills library in the Microsoft 365 admin center to power the app's skills experiences. 

2. Admins can view any skills and deslls description (along with supported languages) that are available in their skills library from the skills library from the **Admin** tab in Learning.

3. Admins go to their organization's skills library directly from learning to update and manage the library and any settings.

4.  