---
title: Introduction to Microsoft Viva Sales
description: Get to know Viva Sales
ms.date: 02/09/2023
ms.topic: article
ms.service: viva
ms.collection: highpri
author: sbmjais
ms.author: shjais
manager: shujoshi
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.subservice: viva-sales
---

# Introduction to Microsoft Viva Sales

Microsoft Viva Sales is a seller experience application that uses Microsoft 365 and Microsoft Teams to automatically capture, access, and register data into any customer relationship management (CRM) system. It eliminates manual data entry and gives sellers more time to focus on selling. By enriching the data set with customer engagement data from Microsoft 365 and the power of AI, Viva Sales empowers sellers with sales intelligence that helps them deeply understand their customers for faster deal closure. Viva Sales is designed to help sellers boost productivity, lighten workloads, save time, and help salespeople sell more.

## License requirements

Viva Sales may be subject to an additional free or paid license. For more information, see [Microsoft Viva plans and pricing](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-viva/pricing) and [Dynamics 365 Sale pricing](https://dynamics.microsoft.com/pricing/#Sales), or contact your Microsoft representative.

## Role requirements

If you're using Dynamics 365 Sales as your CRM system:

- Administrators must be assigned either System Administrator or System Customizer security role to customize Viva Sales. If you're using a custom security role, [additional privileges are required to use Viva Sales](install-viva-sales.md#additional-privileges-required-for-dynamics-365-customers).

- Users must be assigned either Sales Manager or Salesperson security role to use Viva Sales. If you're using a custom security role, [additional privileges are required to use Viva Sales](install-viva-sales.md#additional-privileges-required-for-dynamics-365-customers).

If you're using Salesforce as your CRM system, see [Permissions required for Salesforce administrators](install-viva-sales.md#permissions-required-for-salesforce-administrators).

> [!NOTE]
> - If you've made changes in a user's permissions or security roles in your CRM, ask that user to sign out of Viva Sales in Outlook and then sign in again for these changes to be reflected appropriately. 
> - Changes in user permissions or security roles in CRM can take up to 15 minutes to reflect in Viva Sales app for Teams.

## Region availability

Viva Sales is available globally except in the following countries:
- Myanmar
- Cabo Verde
- China
- Cuba
- Curaçao
- Timor-Leste
- Iran
- Côte d’Ivoire
- North Korea
- Palestinian Authority
- Russia
- St Helena, Ascension, Tristan da Cunha
- Syria

Sales Conversation Intelligence is currently available in limited geographies. By using Sales Conversation Intelligence, you affirm that you understand that insights and other data generated by Sales Conversation Intelligence service may be maintained in a data center other than the data center that maintains your Viva Sales service data. Your privacy is important to us. To learn more, read our [Privacy Statement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839).

> [!NOTE]
> Viva Sales is not supported in Government Community Cloud (GCC), including USG, and Department of Defense (DoD).

### See also

[Install Viva Sales](install-viva-sales.md)
