---
ms.date: 01/04/2024
title: Copilot in Viva Goals FAQ
ms.reviewer: 
ms.author: v-nstockwell
author: DefinitelyNotNitza
manager: Liz.Pierce
audience: Admin
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.topic: article
ms.service: viva-goals
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.collection:  
- Strat_SP_modern
- M365-collaboration
- m365initiative-viva-goals
- vg-integration  
search.appverid:
- MET150
description: "Learn the answers to some frequently asked questions regarding Copilot in Viva Goals."
---

# Copilot in Viva Goals FAQ

Below are the answers to some frequently asked questions regarding Microsoft Copilot in Viva Goals.

## What kinds of reviews has Copilot in Viva Goals gone through?

In anticipation of the preview, Copilot in Viva Goals has gone through the Microsoft Trust review process. This includes a Responsible AI review, security review, privacy review, and other elements. Currently, Copilot in Viva Goals should only be used for evaluation.

When dealing with any Copilot experience, we recommend users review the responses generated by the AI before acting. Always make sure the results are accurate and compliant with your organization's guidelines.

## What AI model are you using?

We are currently using GPT 3.5 Turbo and GPT-4 PPO models through the Substrate LLM.

## Did you fine tune the model for Microsoft Viva Goals?

No; Copilot in Viva Goals leverages a base model. It operates using a prompt that is grounded on sample Viva Goals OKR data, common instructions, and existing OKRs the user has access to.

## How does Copilot in Viva Goals ensure it is not exposing sensitive data in the organization to individual employees?

The output of Copilot in Viva Goals depends on the prompt that is passed to the model. This prompt consists of:

- Any text or data that the user supplies to Copilot in Viva Goals

- OKRs in Viva Goals that users<!--All users in the org, or the specific user?--> have access to

- Common instructions and sample OKR data

By enforcing access and permissions in Viva Goals, Copilot ensures that users only see data they are allowed to see.

## Will my employer (or Microsoft) be able to monitor my work through Copilot in Viva Goals?

No. Copilot doesn't give Microsoft or your employer the ability to monitor your work. Microsoft's use of artificial intelligence is governed by the Responsible AI Standard, which you can learn more about [here](https://www.microsoft.com/ai/responsible-ai).

## Are there any limits to Copilot in Viva Goals that I should be aware of?

Copilot in Viva Goals only provides suggestions for goals, which the user is advised to review and iterate on before accepting. Sometimes the suggestions are correct and relevant to the user, ready for immediate use. Other times, the suggestions are a good starting point for the user to build on. Copilot in Viva Goals makes this philosophy explicit via an information bar at the top, which states "AI-generated content may be incorrect."

## Once available, can admins block all capabilities related to Copilot in Viva Goals in one command or through Group Policy?

Yes. There is a setting in the Viva Goals Admin portal that allows tenant admins to disable all capabilities related to Copilot in Viva Goals.  

## Will Copilot in Viva Goals be available in other languages?

Currently, Viva Goals is committed to improving its quality and relevance in US English. Other languages will be considered for future development.

## Will other users be able to access organizational information since Copilot in Viva Goals uses OpenAI?

No. Copilot in Viva Goals uses its own instance of the Substrate LLM model. Neither the Substrate LLM model nor the data entered by user is shared with any other users or customers. Within Viva Goals, Copilot adheres to all security and privacy controls, ensuring the tenant's data is stored and used in a compliant manner.

## Where are the OKRs saved when I use Copilot in Viva Goals on any given entity page?

Currently, Copilot in Viva Goals defaults to saving OKRs in the same entity page where it is invoked. In the future, users will be given an option to select the entity and time period where they would like to save their OKRs.

## Do I need to do any manual work once the goals are saved?

Goals created using Copilot in Viva Goals function the same as manually created goals. Users can modify the details of any objectives or key results by selecting **Edit** as normal. Remember that anything generated by AI is only *suggested* content. Before saving, ensure the content is accurate and appropriate for your organization's guidelines.

## How are owners, time periods, and teams defined for AI-generated goals?

The user who generates a goal using Copilot in Viva Goals is that goal's default owner. When saving a Copilot-generated goal, the user can select a time period and the team for the goal.

## How do goal permissions work when creating goals using Copilot in Viva Goals?

Goals created by Copilot in Viva Goals honor the same entity permissions as goals created manually.

## What should I keep in mind when generating goals using Copilot in Viva Goals?

In general, Copilot in Viva Goals gives its most relevant responses when the context provided to it is as accurate as possible. Always remember that these responses are suggestions generated by AI. Before saving, make sure the content is accurate and appropriate for your organization's guidelines.  
