---
ms.date: 12/BLAH/2023
title: BLAH
ms.reviewer: 
ms.author: v-nstockwell
author: DefinitelyNotNitza
manager: Liz.Pierce
audience: Admin
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.topic: article
ms.service: viva
ms.subservice: viva-goals
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.collection:  
- Strat_SP_modern
- M365-collaboration
- m365initiative-viva-goals
- vg-integration  
search.appverid:
- MET150
description: "BLAH."
---

# Copilot in Viva Goals: Create, manage & summarize your goals with next gen AI

Looking for a quicker and easier way to get started with creating, sharing, managing or summarizing your organizational goals? The Copilot in Viva Goals is here to help!  

Copilot is designed to help users generate and refine high-quality goals using the Objectives and Key Results (OKRs) framework by using conversational AI and by leveraging existing strategy documents. Copilot saves users time spent on writing or updating these OKRs and allows them to focus more on achieving their goals.

Copilot goes the extra mile by generating insightful draft summaries from OKRs, so users can easily track progress and identify potential challenges or risks associated with your key results. This means users can take swift actions and conduct faster check-ins, plus it saves you precious time to share OKR updates with leaders without having to refer updates on all your aligned OKRs and initiatives.

Whether users are new to OKRs or regular OKR practitioners who are looking for more support, Copilot in Viva Goals can help with built-in guidance. It also helps with creating and refining OKRs, which makes it even easier to get moving with your organizational goals.  

## Prerequisites

During the Private Preview, the Copilot feature in Viva Goals will be disabled by default. Tenant admins have to enable from Admin portal, and they have complete control over the rollout of Copilot in Viva Goals within their organization. To manage access, tenant admins can select which user or security group can access Copilot in Viva Goals

IMAGE1

IMAGE2

## What are some things I can do using Copilot in Viva Goals?

### Generate OKRs using a strategy document

Copilot in Viva Goals can read through strategy or planning documents and propose suitable OKRs.  

Viva Goals does not store your documents or conversational prompts for any purpose. You can find more information about how Microsoft uses Copilot data in Viva Goals [here](..\viva-privacy.md).

IMAGE3

IMAGE4

IMAGE5

IMAGE6

### Generate key results for existing objectives

Select "Generate key results using Copilot” in the add child items menu to get suitable Key Results for your existing Objectives. Select "Generate key results using Copilot “in the add child items menu to get suitable Key Results for your existing Objectives. The Copilot in Viva Goals will generate key results most relevant to your Objective.

IMAGE7

IMAGE8

### Generate OKRs using the conversational Copilot bot

During planning, Copilot in Viva Goals can assist in generating appropriate OKRs based on an organization’s OKR data, user profile shared with Viva Goals and data provided by the user in conversation with the Copilot.

Tip: While providing instructions to Copilot in Viva Goals to generate OKRs for you, the more descriptive you are, the better results you can expect. Here is an example for your reference: '’I work for a retail company in the marketing department and this year we are focused on, Becoming the market leader, expanding to new geographic regions, and increasing our product offerings.”  

Make sure to add information as follows to get better OKRs-

- business industry

- your department

- 3-5 topics or themes you think your organization or team should focus on and so on

IMAGE9

### Summarize OKRs

Goals Viva Copilot gives users the ability to quickly access summaries of OKRs, including team OKRs or a collection of OKRs. Team managers and department leaders can easily generate summaries of their team's progress where Copilot analyzes check-in data, status updates, and progress details associated with child items to prepare a quick summary where users can share as an update or prepare for the review meetings or make check-ins on their objectives

IMAGE10

IMAGE11

IMAGE12

### Understand OKRs

Copilot in Viva Goals can also help answer questions about OKR methodology, including what are OKRs, how to run OKR rhythms, and how to do planning etc.,

IMAGE13

With Copilot in Viva Goals, you can save time creating, managing, and updating your goals, and focus on what really matters - achieving them!

Please note, Copilot in Viva Goals is under constant development. The content generated by Copilot will not always be reliable - for example, it is great at generating OKRs in right format, answering questions related to OKRs, and more, but it's not capable of understanding what's true or factual. Use your own judgment and verify when using Copilot in Viva Goals.

## Frequently asked questions

### What sort of reviews has Copilot in Viva Goals gone through?

Copilot in Viva Goals release has gone through Microsoft Trust Review process for the private preview, that includes Responsible AI review, Security review, Privacy Review among others. Copilot in Viva Goals should be used only for evaluation. For all Copilot experiences, we recommend that the user review responses and then act since the suggested content is generated by AI. Before saving, please ensure that the results are accurate and appropriate to your organization guidelines.

### What AI model are you using?

We are currently using GPT 3.5 Turbo and GPT-4 PPO models via Substrate LLM.

### Did you fine tune the model for Microsoft Viva Goals? How did OpenAI contribute to these new products specifically?

No, Copilot in Viva Goals is leveraging a base model. It works based on a prompt that is grounded on common Viva Goals OKR sample data, common instructions, and the given customer’s specific existing OKRs that the user has access to.  

### How does Copilot in Viva Goals ensure it is not exposing sensitive data in the organization to individual employees?

The output of Copilot in Viva Goals depends on the prompt that is passed to the model. This prompt comprises of:

1. Any text or data that the user supplies to Copilot in Viva Goals.  

2. OKRs in Viva Goals users have access to.  

3. Common instructions and sample OKR data.  

By enforcing access and permissions in Viva Goals, Copilot in Viva Goals makes sure it allows users to see only the data that they are allowed to see.

### Will my employer (or Microsoft) be able to monitor my work through Copilot in Viva Goals?

No, Copilot does not give Microsoft or your employer the ability to monitor your work. Microsoft’s use of artificial intelligence is governed by the Responsible AI Standard, which you can learn more about [here](https://www.microsoft.com/ai/responsible-ai).

### What are the limitations with the Copilot in Viva Goals?

The Copilot in Viva Goals only provides suggestions for goals, which the user then is advised to review, iterate, and accept. As with all AI-based foundation models, the intent of these suggestions is to be helpful. Sometimes the suggestions are correct and relevant to the user, and he / she can directly use; sometimes they are a good starting point on which user needs to build on. Copilot in Viva Goals makes this philosophy very explicit via the information bar at the top "AI-generated content may be incorrect."

### Once available, can admins block all capabilities related to Copilot in Viva Goals in one command or through Group Policy?

Yes, there is a tenant admin setting under Viva Goals Admin portal, to disable all capabilities related to Copilot in Viva Goals.  

### Will Copilot in Viva Goals be available in other languages?

Viva Goals is currently committed to continue to improve quality and relevance in English (US). Other languages will be considered for future development.  

### Will other users be able to access information since Copilot in Viva Goals leverages OpenAI?

No. Copilot in Viva Goals uses its own instance of Substrate LLM model. The Substrate LLM model or the data entered by user is not shared with any other users or customers. Within Viva Goals, Copilot will adhere to all security and privacy controls to make sure the tenant's data is stored and used in a compliant manner.

### Where are the OKRs saved when I use Copilot in Viva Goals on any given entity page?

At this time, Copilot in Viva Goals saves OKRs in the same entity page by default from where it is invoked. In the future, users will be given an option to select the entity and time period they would like to save their OKRs in.

### Is there any manual work anticipated once the OKRs are saved? If so, what are the steps that the user needs to take so that the OKRs are in a 'ready' state?

OKRs created from Copilot in Viva Goals are the same as any manually created OKRs. Users can always modify details using the ‘Edit’ button for any Objective and Key Result, as per the usual flow. Please note, suggested content is generated by AI. Before saving, please ensure that they are accurate and appropriate to your organization guidelines.  

### Are there criteria for defining the owner, time period, team, etc. for the OKRs being created and saved?

The users who generate OKRs via Copilot in Viva Goals will be the default owner. While saving Copilot generated OKRs users can select time period and which team they would like to publish

### How do the OKR permissions work when creating OKRs with Copilot in Viva Goals?

OKRs created by Copilot in Viva Goals honor the same entity permissions as OKRs created manually in Viva Goals.

### What are the things I should keep in mind while generating OKRs in Copilot in Viva Goals?

In general, Copilot in Viva Goals will provide you with the most relevant responses when the context provided to it is as accurate as possible. Please note, suggested content is generated by AI. Before saving, please ensure that they are accurate and appropriate to your organization guidelines.  
