---
title: "Excel Online Integration"
ms.reviewer: 
ms.author: vsreenivasan
author: ms-vikashkoushik
manager: <TBD>
audience: Admin
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.topic: article
ms.service: viva
ms.subservice: viva-goals
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.collection:  
- m365initiative-viva-goals
search.appverid:
- MET150

description: "Learn how to sync your Excel cell values with OKRs in Viva Goals."
---

# Excel Online integration

## Introduction to Excel Online integration

The Viva Goals Excel Online integration enables you to update your objectives and Key Results (OKR) progress automatically depending on the value of specific cells of Excel Sheets. 
  
Let's use this example: You use Excel Online to track the revenue generated by the Sales team, and you have an objective in Viva Goals for achieving $3M ARR for a quarter. When you link this objective to the corresponding Sheet in Excel Online, the status of your OKR will be updated automatically as the cell value changes. You won't have to switch back and forth between your sheets and Viva Goals to update progress. Viva Goals will automatically sync the values for you and chart your progress.

## How to enable Excel Online integration

To enable the integration, admins can follow these steps:

1. From the sidebar, go to **Admin** and select the **Integrations** tab.
  
     :::image type="content" source="../media/goals/9/viva-goals-integrations-page.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the integrations page in Viva Goals." lightbox="../media/goals/9/viva-goals-integrations-page.png":::

1. For Excel Online, select to **Enable** the integration. If a connection was made previously or if the integration was already enabled, you'll have the option to **Manage** the enabled integration.

    :::image type="content" source="../media/goals/9/excel-enable-button.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows where you enabling Excel Online integration." lightbox="../media/goals/9/excel-enable-button.png":::
  
    This integration can also be **disabled** from the same section: Go to **Change** and select **Disable integration** from the dropdown.
  
    :::image type="content" source="../media/goals/9/excel-disable-button.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows where to disable Excel Online integration." lightbox="../media/goals/9/excel-disable-button.png":::

## How to configure the Excel Online connection

After you enable the integration, the first step is to configure an Excel Online connection.

1. Select **New Connection**, and sign in to your Excel account.
  
    :::image type="content" source="../media/goals/9/excel-new-connection-button.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows where you add a new Excel Online connection in Viva Goals." lightbox="../media/goals/9/excel-new-connection-button.png":::

1. Provide a name for the connection.
  
    :::image type="content" source="../media/goals/9/excel-configure-new-connection.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows where you configure a new Excel Online connection in Viva Goals." lightbox="../media/goals/9/excel-configure-new-connection.png":::

1. It's optional to share this connection with other users in the organization. Select **Next** to get running with this integration. You can edit the saved connection at any time.

Viva Goals lets you connect to multiple Excel sheets. Select **New Connection** to fetch data from another sheet. You differentiate these connections by name, and the names will be displayed to other users when they link their OKRs with Excel Online data.

## How to connect the Excel Online connection to an OKR

After you configured the connection, the next step is to link OKRs to Excel sheets:

1. When you create or elite an OKR, select **Connect data source to auto-update progress**. From the drop-down menu, select **Excel Online**.
  
    :::image type="content" source="../media/goals/9/select-excel-datasource.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows where you selecting Excel Online from the list of data sources." lightbox="../media/goals/9/select-excel-datasource.png":::

1. If you already created a connection or if your admin shared a connection with you, that connection will be selected automatically. Viva Goals will prompt you to create a new connection only if there are no connections created or shared.

1. Select the method you want to use to measure progress, percent complete or KPI. If you choose key performance indicator (KPI), provide a metric, starting value, and target value.

1. Select a connection and select a **Workbook**. As soon as you select the workbook, the associated sheets will be displayed in the **Sheet** dropdown menu. Select a worksheet.
  
    :::image type="content" source="../media/goals/9/excelonline-connection-details.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows where you add a new Excel Online connection to OKRs." lightbox="../media/goals/9/excelonline-connection-details.png":::

1. To locate the cell accurately, furnish the **Column** and the **Row Number**.

   Progress will be calculated based on the number present in the chosen cell, if you chose KPI metric to track progress. It will be calculated based on the percentage accomplished if you chose percent complete to track progress.

1. Select **Next** and then **Save**.

> [!NOTE]
> The sync will happen once every hour. To trigger the sync manually, select the Excel Online icon next to the progress bar of the objective, and then select the sync icon.

You've now linked your objective to a worksheet in Excel Online to track the cell value and update the status of the corresponding OKR automatically.

The colors of the progress bar in Viva Goals indicate the status of the objective.

- If the progress is 0-25 percent less than the expected progress at any given point in time, the OKR status is *behind*, and the progress bar color will be orange.

- If the progress is more than 25-percent less than expected progress at any given point in time, the OKR status is *at risk*, and the progress bar color will be red.

