---

title: Personal insights introduction
description: Personal insights introduction
author: madehmer
ms.author: helayne
ms.topic: article
ms.localizationpriority: medium 
ms.collection: 
- m365initiative-viva-insights 
- viva-insights-personal
ms.service: viva 
ms.subservice: viva-insights 
search.appverid: 
- MET150 
manager: helayne
audience: user

---

# Personal insights

Microsoft Viva Insights helps you identify opportunities to build better work habits with personalized insights created just for you. You can prioritize wellbeing with actionable recommendations, such as reserving time for focused work, taking regular breaks, and practicing mindfulness.

Viva Insights includes the following different ways you can use personal insights to do your best work:

* [**Viva Insights in Teams**](./teams/viva-teams-app.md) - Shows your personal insights within your Microsoft Teams flow of work, including how to stay connected, protect time, use Headspace for guided meditation, and start a virtual commute.
* [**Viva Insights in Outlook add-in**](./use/add-in.md) - Shows you insights within Microsoft Outlook about how to prepare for upcoming meetings, gain focus time, maintain your work relationships, plan time away from work, and improve your overall work-life balance.
* [**Dashboard**](./Use/dashboard-2.md) - This unified web experience shows you statistics about how you've spent your time over the past month, productivity insights about your work habits, and how to you explore your network, top collaborators, and collaboration activities.
* [**Briefing emails in Outlook**](./briefing/be-overview.md) - Within two hours of your workday (as set up in Outlook), you'll get an email about any relevant items to help you stay in control of your calendar and be intentional about your day, including outstanding commitments or requests, preparing for upcoming meetings, and suggested times to schedule for focusing or catching up on messages.
* [**Digests in Outlook**](./use/email-digests-3.md) - Digest emails are generated by Viva Insights and inserted into your Outlook inbox that can help you better understand your work patterns and suggests ways to improve them.
* [**Inline suggestions in Outlook**](./use/mya-notifications.md) - AI-driven notifications that appear in Outlook while you are either reading or composing an email or a meeting invitation. These suggestions, tips, and best practices are designed to help inform and guide you in making effective email and meeting decisions.

## Introduction to Viva Insights

See [Introduction to Microsoft Viva Insights](/training/modules/workplace-analytics-ways-working-action/) for an introductory learning module.
